
## 0.27.6

* Features
    Story	GRAS-1480 	As a developer, I want grasshopper's raw db layer exposed to me.
    Story	GRAS-1479 	As a developer, I want grasshopper to be configured once and can e accessed across modules.
    Story	GRAS-1478 	As a developer, I want to get config values out of grasshopper's public api
    Story	GRAS-1472 	Cannot save content twice in a row w/o a page refresh - title, etc.
    Story	GRAS-1465 	Cannot delete fields from content type - they appear(duplicated?) upon refresh
    Story	GRAS-31 	As a user, I want to create a Code Editor field for a content type.
    Story	GRAS-2 	As a customer, I want to use my gmail account to sign into the cms.
* Patches
    Bug	GRAS-1482 	Deleting content, sometimes deletes more than one piece.
    Bug	GRAS-1475 	Regression. Footer is commented out. but not gone. If we are not using the footer. Delete the footer code.
    Bug	GRAS-1474 	Regression. Empty Content and Empty nodes no longer show a 'This node is empty' message.
    Improvement	GRAS-1469 	All of the handle-Row-click code should use the handle row click mixin
    Improvement	GRAS-1468 	All the swap button text with spinner code should use the new swap-with binder.
    Improvement	GRAS-1464 	What is the diff between vendorFile.json and vendorBuilt.json
    Bug	GRAS-1462 	Routing from content types is not working correctly
    Bug	GRAS-1420 	new build task is creating multiply hashed img files in build dir
    Bug	GRAS-1399 	findup module is not working correctly when 2 grasshopper project are living side by side.
    Bug	GRAS-1393 	Navigating to content types with a type field open is not possible and shows an erronous type
